# Cressedium // 2.22.5014u
Fireteam Blue recieves their orders: Upload a virus to the enemy communications network, then begin search and rescue for the Captain and Ambassador. Successfully uploading the virus, Fireteam Blue receives an urgent call: Captain Faris has been located, and Fireteam Blue is the closest asset. They are dropped off at a submarine dock at the edge of town, where they disabled the submarine before taking its occupants prisoner and rescuing a wounded . As their dropship flies in, an anti-air missile chases it off and a coherent laser carves its way through the dock, killing most of the prisoners and critically wounding Ambassador Bannerjee. The mech who fired both climbs out of the water and and broadcasts to his allies in the open: "No survivors."
After a long fight, Basilisk and Midas sacrifice their mechs to ram the main mech into the water, where its reactor goes critical. Fireteam Blue finishes off half the remaining forces and convinces the final mech to stop fighting for a chance to join the Union Navy, to which "Fucked" acquesices.

# Union Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u
Galahad and Midas are offloaded from a transport to the USS Rio Grande, a Union vessel. Assigned to Fireteam Blue, they meet Quasar, Psyche, and Basilisk and learn something important. EKG: Everybody Knows Galahad. Small universe.
Fireteam Blue has met for no more than an hour before red alert is called. Captain Brigid Farris and Ambassador Nilan Bannerjee, on-planet to help smooth along the joining of Union, have been captured. All forces are to amass on-planet to begin rescue attempts.
On the drop to the planet, Fireteam Blue's dropship is shot down. The fireteam survives the drop in their mechs, but the pilots are not so lucky. Stumbling out of the wreckage of their dropship, Fireteam Blue tests their mechs and cohesion against an oncoming force.
Coming out ahead, Fireteam Blue next finds a convoy of stranded busses full of civilians. With some quick thinking and handy mechanics they fix two of the three busses and proceed to escort the busses out of the worst of the fighting. Successfully drawing off enemy forces, the team is warned about a train depot currently being held by enemy forces.
Bidding farewell to their busses, Fireteam Blue realizes the train depot is the source of the majority of anti-air fire in the immediate vicinity. Proceeding there on foot, Fireteam Blue engages an entrenched enemy position and squeezes out a victory before heading to their destination: Forward Operaing Base Saber.
At FOB Saber, Fireteam Blue gets a debrief and some orders: Get some rest, you'll be heading out in the morning.
Basilisk, on his way to see about making some changes to his mech, meets up with naval psychologist for an impromptu psychiatric evaluation based on some of his comments during the mission. He effortlessly charms his way through the evaluation, though not without orders for weekly therapy checkups for himself and, inadvertently, Galahad as well.
Galahad goes to have a drink and meets another naval member, the leader of a sniper team who uses the callsign Pheonix. They hit it off well enough to spend the entire night swapping stories, leaving Galahad with a short night but an offer of help when he needs it.
Psyche, of course, discovers a high-stakes unofficial poker game. Gambling with everything she has, she eventually cashes out late with roughly the same amount of Mana she started, plus something she knows only as "The Concept of Time".
Quasar leaves the debrief to work on his mech, which sustained the most damage. While working on his mech, the head of the garage taken over for the Union base, Vonna Mayhew, strikes up a conversation, catching Quasar's attention. After some lively discussion, as Vonna and Quasar are getting dressed, she offers him some extra gear for his mech.
Midas, a trained surgeon, goes to make herself useful and avoid being given too much time to think about the current situation. Unfortunately, when she finds the medical tent performing surgeries, she enters a fuge state and is quickly relieved of duty. Midas gets the most sleep of Fireteam Blue that night, though not the most restful.