# The Galaxy // 3.14.5018u  
Fireteam Blue reflects on a successful tour in the Union navy. It has been four years since the events of Operation Solstice Rain, and the team has had plenty of time to get into (mis)adventures during their time.  
Not long after the tour on Cressedium, Psyche took Basilisk to investigate a lead on a Neon-era Cradle relic called a Jukebox. It paid off, but SSgt Garcia was less than impressed by them ditching duty to pick it up. The jukebox ended with two songs:  
As punishment for Psyche and Basilisk going AWOL to pick up a relic, SSgt Garcia put Psyche and Basilisk on radar detection duty on the edge of civilization, with enforced silence, both on outgoing comms and no music playing in their mechs. Both Psyche and Basilisk cracked in the first day.
While Psyche and Basilisk were picking up their problems, Quasar and Galahad were assigned to root out an underground fighting ring. Quasar, as Galahad's pit mechanic, ended up creating some bonus weapons that ended up skirting too close to the First Contact Accords and landed him in some hot water. Galahad got a small disciplinary hearing for enthusiastically volunteering for a Human Vs Mech fight - as the human.
Nearly a year later, Midas and Psyche ended up in a protracted firefight during a routine check of a derelict ship. They ended up making the decision to blow the ship, and both thought the other had a route out of the ship until the charges were set and the timer armed. They made it out successfully and without getting in trouble, but that didn't help Command's evaluation of their mental stability.
While Midas and Psyche were fighting for their life, Quasar and Galahad were on leave. Quasar had found a Battle Royale gameshow where teams of two compete to be the first to launch a space elevator. After a rough start, Quasar learned he could trust Basilisk's judgment when Basilisk fixed several problems on a car the two of them were getting ready before Quasar could even tell him said problems existed. They ended up taking fourth place after getting ganged up on and overwhelmed, but did land a good energy drink sponsorship.
Later on, Galahad and Psyche went on a date. It was less of an adventure or a misadventure, but it established a strong platonic friendship between the two.
Scant months before Fireteam Blue agreed to leave the Union Navy, Galahad got a lead on finding Gygax D 20. He took Basilisk on leave to go find his home planet, and eventually finds a man selling tech from Gygax D 20 on the planet Morven-V, and after a small rampage end up getting their hands on a radio-like object purported to be able to contact the homeworld. It is quite thoroughly broken, and even Quasar doesn't fully understand how the device works.  
Despite all their misadventures and disciplinary hearings, when leaving Union Navy the team is discharged with full honors. No longer Fireteam Blue, the team strikes out for themselves as the mercenary team Mythos.  
