Port Conroy, Havelburg // 9.23.5018u
On their way to the planet Eria Xi, newly-minted mercenary LANCER team Mythos has been dropped off in the city of Port Conroy on the planet of Havelburg. Havelburg, still recovering after the disastrous and still-unexplained explosion of an orbiting mining platform and the volcanic aftermath of the platform crashing down, is covered with a vast swirling nebula of deadly volcanic dust. The dust will settle out of the atmosphere in another thirty years or so, but until then it is moved around by large subalterns (simple autonomous robots) equipped with fans or the like. Standing outside without a hardsuit on Havelburg is usually suicide, so  Mythos hurries through the dust to the ship for their next jaunt, a ship called the *Dynast's Embrace*.
Upon reaching the *Dynast's Embrace*,  Mythos is told the ship is grounded until further notice. Captain Lyran Stavros brings the team in and breaks the news that the ship's NHP, named Emily, has been kidnapped and he will go nowhere until she is brought back.
After very little discussion, Mythos agrees to find and rescue Emily in return for a ride wherever they want to go. Finding who took Emily is not particularly difficult, as the ship has footage of a repair subaltern apparently going rogue, cutting its way though bulkheads and safeties while ignoring Emily's attempts to stop it. The subaltern takes Emily's casket (a physical container holding the main processing unit, essentially an NHP's physical body) and disappears into the dust-choked streets.
