Port Conroy, Havelburg // 9.23.5018u
Despite Mythos' desire for a noodle dinner, they decide their first move should be to check out the team of repair subalterns. Upon arriving at Crighton's Printshop, the shop that hired out the subaltern team to the *Dynast's Embrace*, the team is instantly suspicious of the sleazy homonculus of a salesman, Horton Creighton. After being told they would need to hire the subalterns before inspecting them, Psyche talks Horton in circles while the rest of the team circles around to do some investigating of their own. Galahad and Basilisk formulate a plan to jump the fence and investigate, which Basilisk mostly ignores when he hops the fence and walks straight into the place.
While investigating the printshop, Basilisk discovers that subaltern #19 of the team is missing, though he doesn't get much else in the way of useful information. During his investigation he trips an alarm, choosing to stick around to see what happens.
A few minutes later, a single police officer drives up to the printshop and politely asks Psyche to leave before following Horton onto the print shop grounds to confront Basilisk. Upon being told he is trespassing and being asked to leave, Basilisk agrees and pulls out an explosive charge.
Galahad, seeing the impending delivery of bullets to Basilisk, desperately attempts to charm the officer by claiming to be Basilisk's handler. Amazingly, this works, and Galahad heads to the front of the printshop to fill out some paperwork while Midas hustles Basilisk somewhere he can't threaten a cop with a murder-suicide again.
Meanwhile, coming out of a store across the street after paying for parking, Quasar watches a police officer arrest Psyche for bugging his radio before letting Galahad into his squad car and driving off. As Galahad and Psyche are taken to the police HQ, the rest of the team heads off to get noodles for lunch.
At the police station, Psyche is booked into the jail while Galahad has his meeting. The officer, Dale Ramcock, eventually ends up letting slip he is working on the case of multiple NHPs and agrees to share information with Galahad. He brings in Psyche as a show of good faith and tells Galahad everything he knows - Multiple NHPs have gone missing, and they have no real leads. Officer Ramcock suggests two places to start: The leader of organized crime on Havelburg, or the Dustmarket, Port Conroy's largest quasi-legal agora.
Heading out for noodles, Midas, Quasar, and Basilisk end up at an extremely well-reviewed restaurant named Garfield's, driving up to the building sporting a large statue of a fat orange cat holding a mech-sized mining pick. As they walk in they meet owner Juan Tismon, a large, unflappable man with a passion for noodles and an appetite for gossip. Dubbing Juan a "Noodle Wizard", they trade gossip with him and learned many more NHPs have gone missing than they had previously known.
As the team meets to eat lunch and strategize, Basilisk is asked about his stunt with the explosives. "I wanted to have a talk with that cop without getting shot," Basilisk says between bites of noodles, "And mutually assured destruction seemed to be the way to go." Nobody else on the team seems to agree with him.
The team decides to check out the Dustmarket on their way to the Velvet House, home of organized crime on Havelburg. They didn't discover much to further their information, just the knowledge that the criminal element of Port Conroy considers NHPs to be too hot to bother with, but they do end up finding quite a few useful items for their mechs.