Port Conroy, Havelburg // 9.24.5018u  
The Dustmarket turns out to be a near-total bust, though a few interesting things were found and purchased. Magenta Red, however, turns out to be anything but. Tall, flame-haired, gorgeous, and just as ruthless, Magenta Red agrees to meet Mythos after they defeat all comers in her underground arena. The titanic crime boss enjoys the company of the company, eventually agreeing to help out if Mythos will take care of a quick assassination first. Reluctantly Mythos agrees, tracking down and fighting Durst Slaughter in the upper regions of Havelburg, along with several of his gang, the Dustbranded. While Mythos isn't thrilled about assassinating people for a crime lord, Durst's insane rantings and eventual self-inflicted death by combat drugs mollifies their conciouses somewhat.  

Upon return, Mythos is given a warm welcome. Some on the team welcome the affection, others do not, but as the parties are being prepared, Magenta Red mentions offhand her people have found the missing subaltern in the upper regions of Port Conroy. They are led there by an employee of the Velvet House, but as they are ascending an elevator to study the subaltern in the *Dynast's Embrace*, the power is cut and Mythos is ambushed. Several tense minutes later the party scrambles out of the elevator, having dealt some wicked blows to the sleek black mechs who seemed to be trying to capture the subaltern. Deciding they are not willing to risk another ambush at the *Dynast's Embrace*, Mythos recieves permission to deliver the subaltern to Magenta Red for her hackers to work on while most of Mythos attends her party.  

A truly epic party is held for the members of Mythos that wish to attend, though Midas and Darren choose not to attend. Magenta Red seems to fall for Carmel's wiles, while Darren has a date with police officer Dale Ramcock and Midas fights a virus she purchased from the Duskmarket and ends up with a new presence in her head. Late the next day they are given a lead: a signal pointing directly to the largest Dustgrave on Havelburg.