Port Conroy, Havelburg // 9.25.5018u  
As Mythos is unravelling the data acquired from the subaltern, they recieve a hail asking to meet up for an information swap. Upon arriving at the location, they are met by a no-nonsense woman flanked by two bodyguards. She introduces herself as Leonora McGrath, leader of an IPS-N mercenary group named the Talons. She proposes a joint attack on the Dustgrave and offers more intel when Mythos agrees.  
Leonora tells Mythos their target is Dr. Victor Virga, a brilliant but insane scientist researching automatic robotics and NHPs. He has developed a supremely dangerous virus called MESMERTRANCE capable of remotely overriding connected computers and robots, and they provide a system to protect against it. Leonora warns the assault will be gruelling and suggests everyone prepare.  
As the mechs of both Mythos and the Talons trudge toward the Dustgrave, a barrage of electronic warfare shuts down comms farther than line-of-sight. Mythos enters the dustgrave to immediately be faced with a selection of horrific mechs moving to kill them. A few fights later Mythos finds reality slightly bending near a research lab which would hopefully contain Dr. Virga.  
Despite not containing the vile doctor, the lab contains several interesting creations. A huge bank of computers is connected to several NHP caskets and a screen proclaiming MesmerTrance: Active, a strange device shaped liek a tesla coil contains two more, and a desk holds a tablet with a diary and a partially disassembled casket. The diary outlines the plans of Dr. Virga to trancend humanity and become a godlike figure while making allusions to something referred to as KHEPRI. Mythos successfully shuts down the machinery to safely retrieve the caskets before leaving through the only other exit: a set of double doors that seem too large to fit in the room.  
Walking down a seemingly endless corridor, Mythos finds reality twisting away from them as they approach what they know now to be Dr. Virga and KHEPRI. Their comms come to life with gibberish and orchestral song, the hallway brodens into a vast chamber, and a pillar of light beckons. As Mythos approaches the light, they find a food cart labeled "Garfields" in their path, complete with a smiling Juan Tismon. He asks Mythos to stop Virga before Juan's "boss" has to step in and fix the problem with massive collateral damage.  
Continuing to the pillar of light, Mythos finds an insane Dr. Virga. He monolouges at the team before they open fire, and a huge creature of paracausal energy reaches out to protect him. KHEPRI attempts to destroy Mythos as they overload it with energy cores. Basilisk and Galahad lose their mechs during the fight, but eventually Mythos stands victorious.  
As Dr. Virga falls, reality reasserts itself and Mythos finds themselves standing in a much more sensibly-sized room filled with machinery. The Talons enter quickly, claiming to have been fighting for a full week against a seemingly unending horde of robotic monstrosities. Upon seeing the remains of Dr. Virga's lab, Leonora takes charge of the cleanup, promising that the NHPs, roughly 60 in all, be taken back to where they belong. Emily is handed to Mythos, who reunite her with Captain Stavros and the *Dynast's Embrace*.