Carmel Crick has lead a life that has been alternatively charmed and cursed. Her home planet of Hainope has long dropped in and out of space, appearing for a while before dropping into blinkspace for an indeterminate time. Several hundred years ago objective Carmel took a trip off-planet and missed Hainope's blink. Carmel, never one to remain daunted, stepped up to try to find Hainope again.
Carmel accepted the life of a Cosmopolitan, traveling around the galaxy on long-haul journeys and taking whatever jobs were offered. But after decades subjective without even a lead toward the location of her home planet, the ever-stylish Carmel decided to make enough of a name for herself to encourage someone to contact her. Thus began the reign of the culture icon Jem.
Carmel, as the intersolar pop culture icon Jem, set out to make a name for herself and did so with a bang. Jem, despite rumors of being a hologram or even a new type of NHP, took a not insignificant amount of Union's cultural capital and made it her own. Unfortunately, even mega-stardom was not enough to find a missing planet, leaving Carmel still at her personal square one.
Thirty years ago subjective, a Union naval ship responded to an automated distress beacon near a newly-online blink gate. Upon arriving, the naval ship found a small ten-person ship drifting in space, carrying only a mostly-catatonic Carmel Crick, with no signs of struggle or any other occupants. Union picked up the woman, who eventually recovered her faculties but not he medium-term memories. Despite the irregularities, a Union recruiter on her recovery ship recognized her sense of style and offered Carmel a modeling opportunity. Ever the shrewd negotiator, Carmel leveraged a small modeling job - along with her natural charisma and work ethic - into becoming the face of Union for a not-insignificant portion of the galaxy.
Despite a few subjective decades of work for Union in and out of mechs, Carmel has so far been insulated from actual combat. As part of Fireteam Blue, it would take some extreme circumstances to get her to the front lines now.

##Trivia

*Color scheme: Oil slick

*Calling card: *Girls Just Wanna Have Fun* from some ancient pre-fall Cradle storage
